Add google authd-broker documentation (#724)
ubuntu/authd: docs/howto/login-ssh.md

## Usage

> Once this is all set up, you can ssh to the server in the same way you'd do with any server: ssh <username>@<host>. The format of <username> is the user handle on the provider, such as `user@domain.tld`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once this is all set up, you can ssh to the server in the same way that you would do with any server: `ssh <username>@<host>`. The format of `<username>` is the user handle on the provider, such as `user@domain.tld`.
```

Without backticks these translate to incomplete html tags in the browser, I think, so some of the words disappear in the preview:

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f81950e0-e7a7-48b2-8edd-66a9b9aa880e)

I hope I didn't suggest those changes (I don't think I did!) but I think the backticks are needed for rendering; also, something like the ssh one is a command, so it makes sense to use them there.

Author: Oh my bad, copy/pasted from a rendered suggestion and forgot to add the backticks back.

Once this is all set up, you can ssh to the server in the same way you'd do with any server: `ssh <username>@<host>`. The format of `<username>` is the user handle on Entra ID such as `user@domain.tld`.

> For instance, here is an example using MS Entra ID as a provider:

Reviewer: It's OK to highlight use of MS Entra as an example here, but in the sentence immediately above we state that `<username>` is the user on handle on Entra ID -- perhaps change that to the more generic:

> Once this is all set up, you can ssh to the server in the same way you'd do with any server: `ssh <username>@<host>`. The format of `<username>` is the user handle on the provider, such as `user@domain.tld`.
